Add glossary for injection and gateway (#9733)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/injection.md

---
title: Injection
test: n/a
---

> Injection, or sidecar injection, refers to modifying pod specifications at creation time by utilizing [Mutating webhooks](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Injection, or sidecar injection, refers to the use of [mutating webhooks](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/) to modify pod specifications at creation time.

Injection can be used to add the Envoy sidecar configuration for mesh services or to configure the Envoy proxy of [gateways](/docs/reference/glossary/#gateway).
```
